The last time I did a video about gravity ...
I tried to make clear that gravity depends on where you are on Earth.
Because of a number of things, including that the earth is not a perfect sphere,
and what I forgot was the composition of rocks, but ...
What you may not know yet
is that gravity does not always point directly down to the earth.
If you are standing right next to a huge mountain,
something on the scale of Mount Everest,
then the mountain will have its own gravity
which means that the forces add up and
Oh help! -
The forces add up and ...
Here we go!
Which means...
Oh, this is to, this is scary. Oh help!
Which sometimes means gravity
do not point directly down.
Oh jee. There is a sign there ...
The lesson of today is that if the board says 'slow',
Then it really means 'slow'.
You can slide off a roller coaster!
Do not believe the people who say
that you can go down without having to brake.
Do not believe someone who says, this is not dying at all
and that you do not have to slow down around the corners.
So!
And if you do not
then it hurts!
Let that gravity sit.
THAT is something that you may not have known yet.
Injuries:
Abrasions in four places,
poking my hands through the thorns,
and my pride has incurred a nice dent.
Chris and Matt came down without problems.
So, as I said,
gravity does not always point down,
but remember that it does.
Translated by Alexander
Five minutes later...
Let's see if the whole job can do without braking.
What seems? He would not be without brakes!
Wow!